SUPER Maze Robo (#2393)
PortsMaster/PortMaster-New: ports/SUPER Maze Robo/supermazerobo/LICENSE/Portmaster.License.txt

> This is the Copyright and trademark of DeadPlant, do not distruibute the exe or claim ownership of it or any of its contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Copyright and trademark of DeadPlant, do not distribute the .pck or claim ownership of it or any of its contents.
```

> I have given permisson to the portmaster team to distrubute my work through portmaster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the game's creator, I have given the PortMaster team permission to distribute my work through PortMaster.
```
